:memo: Rework activity reference (#2766)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/integrations/activity/webhooks.md

## Setup

```bash
platform integration:add --type=webhook --url={{<variable "URL_TO_RECEIVE_JSON" >}}
```

The webhook URL receives a POST message for every activity that's triggered.
The message contains complete information about the entire state of the project at that time.

It's possible to set the integration to only send certain activity types, or only activities on certain branches.
The CLI prompts you to specify which to include or exclude.
Leave at the default values to get all events on all environments in a project.

> For testing purposes, you can use a service like [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing purposes, you can generate a URL from a service such as [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/)
```
